Provide documentation on how to adapt service catalog bindings (#559)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/environments/sap-btp-kubernetes-environment-with-sap-gardener.mdx

```

2. Repeat the same steps 2-5 from the previous section, always replacing `destination` with `identity`.

## Excursion: Bind Services created by the Service Catalog

> In case that you are using the [Kubernetes Service Catalog](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/service-catalog/) via the [Service Catalog CLI](https://svc-cat.io/docs/cli/) you will receive service bindings that are not immediately compatible with the SAP Cloud SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of using the [Kubernetes Service Catalog](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/service-catalog/) via the [Service Catalog CLI](https://svc-cat.io/docs/cli/) you will receive service bindings that are not immediately compatible with the SAP Cloud SDK.
```

> For an example let us assume you want to create an XSUAA Service Binding.
> You would use commands similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, let us assume you want to create an XSUAA Service Binding.
You would use commands similar to the following:
```

```bash
svcat provision svcat-xsuaa-service --class xsuaa --plan application
svcat bind svcat-xsuaa-service
```

To see the resulting secret on K8s you can run the following command:

```bash
kubectl get secrets svcat-xsuaa-service -o yaml
```

The `data` block of the result looks something like this:

```yaml
apiurl: <base64-encoded-value>
clientid: <base64-encoded-value>
clientsecret: <base64-encoded-value>
credential-type: <base64-encoded-value>
identityzone: <base64-encoded-value>
identityzoneid: <base64-encoded-value>
sburl: <base64-encoded-value>
subaccountid: <base64-encoded-value>
tenantid: <base64-encoded-value>
tenantmode: <base64-encoded-value>
uaadomain: <base64-encoded-value>
url: <base64-encoded-value>
verificationkey: <base64-encoded-value>
xsappname: <base64-encoded-value>
zoneid: <base64-encoded-value>
```

> In there you can see that the property `plan` is missing.
> This property, however, is required by the SAP Cloud SDK, so that a runtime error will produced once the application tries to read this service binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see that the property `plan` is missing there.
This property, however, is required by the SAP Cloud SDK, so that runtime errors are produced once the application tries to read this service binding.
```

> To fix this issue you need to edit the secret, so that it contains the `plan` property.
> The easiest way, when you are already using the CLI, is by using the `kubectl edit` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue you need to edit the secret so that it contains the `plan` property.
The easiest way, when you are already using the CLI, is by using the `kubectl edit` command:
```
